test: add test case (#41369)
ant-design/ant-design: components/float-button/index.en-US.md

| onClick | Set the handler to handle `click` event | (event) => void | - |  |
| href | The target of hyperlink | string | - |  |
| target | Specifies where to display the linked URL | string | - |  |

> | badge | float-button with round logo number | refer [badge](/components/badge#api)(only a part attributes are supported) | - | 5.4.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| badge | Attach Badge to FloatButton. `status` `size` and other props related are not supported. | [BadgeProps](/components/badge#api)  | - | 5.4.0 |
```
